auto_python_rapydscript
=======================

The purpose is automatic compiling of python like Rapydscript to JavaScript for client side; 
in addition to a web page written in python, output through minimal php code using the php module

Requirements:

node.exe   (to compile rapydscript)

python.exe (to use a python script for server side web page creation, 
			optional perhaps but nice to have python server side 
			and (python like) client side with rapydscript)

RapydScript note:

*.pyj files are edited by the user.

*.js  files generated by RapydScript are auto created and should not be manually edited.

*_compiled.py files are auto generated and also should not be manually edited.

Also note:

The RapydScript simple example provided displays its output 
through the browser's console log, Firebug's console log, etc.

2015-01-29
Added the feature to compile the include python files only when its been edited, modified (similar to the feature added on 2015-01-26 
that compiles the python generated webpage only when edits to the source file happen).
In a second update to source code, I've refactored the code to better deal with strings 
from PHP to Python by escaping in the include files as an improvement and added plenty of comments 
to make apparent how the internals work to date.

2015-01-28
Added a feature to allow writing print statements to the browser's console for demonstration purposes,
to show a working example of python string compatibility with that of PHP and JavaScript strings.

2015-01-27
Added to now allow including files in python using the quick tags feature.
Quick tags are what I refer to as the open and close <%  %> tags and the optional feature of using custom tags
for format variables within triple quoted strings that then allows to use one curly brace at a time without escaping it
with a second curly brace.

2015-01-26
Added a new feature to compile the python generated webpage only when edits to the source file.

2015-01-15
Added to the previous feature of open and close <%  %> tags for triple quoted strings so that it's able to be returned 
as a string from a function or method.

2015-01-13
Added the feature of python tags, open and close <%  %> for triple quoted strings with a few format text replacements 
to deal with curly brackets within triple quoted strings when used together with the format function.





